HTC has been rolling out a new range the
1-series recently the large quad-core 1x
is the new flagship with a 1s aimed at
the mid-range markets now we have the
Taiwanese manufacturers low-cost option
the 1 V which offers up to date features
at a reasonable price if at any point
you'd like more information simply click
the dial phone logo to be taken through
to our website the other handsets in the
1 series differed slightly and design
from each other and the 1v does to the
handset has the same black ceramic back
plate used in the 1s but sees the
introduction of a chin piece at the
bottom of the device that curves towards
the front the back piece of the chin is
a removable cover which houses the sim
and microSD card slots it looks like the
older HTC hero and although it's been
praised elsewhere we found it a little
unnecessary and slightly uncomfortable
the 3.7 inch screen puts a 1 V in the
same size category iphone 4s rather than
the bigger handsets the resolution of
480 x 800 pixels gives it a ppi of 252
which isn't particularly high spec but
does look surprisingly good however we
did notice a drawback with the touch
screen it gathers an alarming amount of
grease sometimes affecting the
appearance of things on screen the 1
gigahertz process it is not to speed
with the best on the market and it does
show in the one bees performance
compared to another one gigahertz phone
like I always vision the HTC isn't as
fast but it does run newer and more
demanding software online performance
even on Wi-Fi is a little slow in a can
cause some annoying glitches when
zooming in on websites there's enough
detail to just about see text on web
pages but zooming in is required to read
a full page the one v runs Ice Cream
Sandwich the latest version of Android
and it's two HCC's credit they continued
the new OS right down to the bottom of
the one range you also get the sense 4.0
user interface on top which has extra
features like Dropbox built in HTC has
also included Beats Audio technology
with a 1 V branding the phone's back
plate with the sound tech company's logo
we were surprised to find that sound
quality isn't as good as all other beats
audio devices but when compared to the
much higher specs Sony Xperia Arc S
which doesn't have Beats Audio the HTC
sounded pretty good whilst a 5 megapixel
camera
may not seem like a very promising
offering it does perform surprisingly
well having an aperture of f 2.0 which
means it's good for low-light conditions
there's a good quality flash an HTC is
included the separate photo and video
capture controls seen in the rest of the
1 series which allow you to take
pictures at the same time as recording
video with only 512 megabytes of ram and
4 gigabytes of internal storage the one
v doesn't break any records in terms of
memory luckily the microSD card slot can
support up to 32 gigabytes which gives
the user much more room to play with as
a low price phone the one V is a good
offering with some interesting features
even though performance is sluggish
compared to the quad core 1x the one v
offers good value in the low cost
package and it has the latest Android
software and sense 4.0 which makes it
feel up to date HTC's new range is
shaped at well and the one thing is a
strong addition to the series and can
read our full review on the dial phone
block
you